Fix funky wording on Quickstart page (#3350)
chef/chef-web-docs: content/quick_start.md

    weight = 20
+++

> The quickest way to get started using Chef Infra is to install Chef Workstation to create your first Chef Infra Cookbook:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The quickest way to get started using Chef Infra is to install Chef Workstation and create your first Chef Infra Cookbook:
```

    chef-client --local-mode --override-runlist first_cookbook
    ```

> This will create a file named `test.txt` at the home path on your machine. Open that file and it will say `This file was created by Chef Infra!`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This creates a file named `test.txt` at the home path on your computer. Open that file and it will say `This file was created by Chef Infra!`.
```

> - Delete the file, run Chef Infra Client again, and Chef Infra will put the file back.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Delete the file, run Chef Infra Client again, and Chef Infra will replace the file.
```
